Our communities are hurting after the tragic death of George Floyd. We are all shaken by grief and frustration. Personally, these recent events have given me pause to reflect across the many aspects of my life -- as a leader, as a citizen, and as a parent.
These past few months have been especially difficult as the COVID-19 pandemic has amplified and compounded the inequalities of race and economics in our society and spotlighted issues that we have, quite frankly, not spent enough time talking about as a company and as a country.
There is a regrettable history of suffering and injustice in our Black community. While it is direct and personal to many of our Anthem associates, we are all affected. As we should be.
As I shared in my last post, Anthem is rooted in the very fabric and history of local communities that are currently experiencing social unrest. These communities are not only where we live and work, but it’s where we have always served others through a lens of inclusion, acceptance and belonging. It’s always been a part of our foundation, a part of our founding tenets of Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans, and who we are as people. Our associates have always reflected the rich diversity of our communities, and that will not change. But I think this moment calls on us in a very unique way now to step up more intentionally to listen, to be heard and to act.
As a wise Anthem colleague told me last week: “Recognition breeds change.” I wholeheartedly believe that the more we see the world through each other’s eyes, the better we can understand what is needed to create positive change.
We each have the ability—and obligation—to advance the change that is overdue and create a better future for everyone inside and outside the walls of Anthem. Listening matters. Words matter. Actions matter. And at Anthem, we are committed to doing more to challenge injustice and improve the lives and health of our communities.
We are beginning with some immediate actions:
	1.	Through a $50 million commitment over the next five years, we will be providing meaningful resources to organizations working to build a more just nation; this includes supporting social justice issues and addressing health disparities experienced in minority and underserved communities.
	2.	We will be matching donations made by Anthem associates to non-profit organizations dedicated to addressing social and health disparities across the country.
	3.	We will expand our strong volunteerism opportunities to work alongside small businesses to support their recovery and resilience through restoration and clean-up efforts.
And that is just the start. More broadly across our organization, we will be doing more listening and learning. With the help of our Associate Resource Groups, we will engage in deeper and meaningful activities to bring about sustainable change across all of our businesses.
This is a time for healing, for reconciliation, and for action. This work won’t stop. We can and will do more to ensure that all of our citizens, across all of our communities, are part of a more hopeful nation—together.
