As I am sure all of you have seen over the past few days, our country faces yet another major challenge with racial issues and civil unrest. While many of you know who we are as a company and what we stand for as an organization, I want to take this moment to reaffirm it. At HCA Healthcare, above all else, we are committed to the care and improvement of human life. The values we embrace in pursuit of this mission are built upon the belief that every individual has unique and intrinsic value, regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or whatever makes us different.
Our values come to life every day when we provide patient care with dignity, compassion, and excellence to anyone who needs it, no matter the patient’s individual circumstance. Our values come to life every day when we foster a work environment where everyone is treated with respect and loyalty and has an equal chance to succeed and grow. Our values come to life when we support our communities and those in need.
We believe excellence in healthcare starts with these values as a foundation. Therefore, we aim not to discriminate. We aim not to harm; instead, we aim to nurture and heal. And, we strive daily to foster a culture that treats those we serve, and those whom we work beside, with kindness and respect. Events unfolding throughout our nation go against these values and have many of us hurting, anxious, and concerned for one another, our families, and our communities.
Our commitment to a diverse and inclusive company is not passive; it is active. We are as committed as we have ever been to fostering an engaged and inclusive culture for our patients, for our colleagues, and for our communities. In the days ahead, you will hear more from Sherri Neal, our Chief Diversity Officer, about our plans for support and resources.
I have said it many times, we are in the people business - people taking care of other people in need. Our greatest strength is our culture - ultimately, that is a system of values, expectations, and accountability for all of us. We will continue to listen to and serve others in our constant pursuit of our mission.
Sincerely,
