There’s something on my mind that I wanted to share as we head into the weekend.
It stems from the scenes we’ve watched unfold in Minneapolis this week, which have been a stark reminder of how much progress must still be made toward treating everyone with the fairness, dignity, and humanity they deserve.
George Floyd, just like Breonna Taylor, Ahmaud Arbery, and far too many others, should be alive today, and we have all found ourselves seeking answers for why they are not. As we process these losses, we are also mourning those whose lives have been taken by COVID-19. This pandemic has impacted every single one of us. It has also laid bare the need to address the systemic inequities—racial, economic, and otherwise—that have plagued society for too long.
HP was built on values of diversity and inclusion, fairness and equity. The character of our company is what made me proud to join as an intern all those years ago and has remained a source of pride each and every day. Our customers expect this of us, and our work is never done. It’s important that we use times like these as motivation to do more.
It has been nearly six decades since Martin Luther King Jr. wrote, “Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.” Those words are as true today as they were then. And they apply not just to the tragedies we’ve seen here in the U.S. over the last couple months, but also to injustices that I know are all too frequent in countries around the world.
There has never been a more important time for us to live by the values on which HP was founded. They give us the light to lead through even the darkest days. And each of us can play important roles in advancing our best ideals and treating others with human kindness. 
There are no words we can say to bring back those we have lost, but we can honor their memory by the way we lead our lives and run our business. In these difficult times, I encourage you to reach out to those around you. Support others with compassion, empathy, and respect. Be leaders in your communities and across our company, because standing up for what you believe in is, and will always be, the HP Way. 
As always, if you need anything, I’m here for you, as is the entire leadership team. Even during times like this—especially during times like this—your strength is what gives me hope that better days are ahead of us.
Together, let’s make it so.
