At Kroger, Our Purpose is to Feed the Human Spirit, which means we’re always driven to do more and help make the lives of those around us better – whether that’s our own associates, or our customers and communities. Our commitment to help and support is critical now, as so many of us are hurting, frustrated and angry.
The senseless killings of George Floyd, Ahmaud Arbery, Breonna Taylor – and so many more, too many more across our country – have shaken us to our core. I share in everyone’s feelings of sadness and outrage for the victims. The pain is deep and raw. My heart goes out to their families, friends and communities.
We cannot remain silent. We must use our voice to express that we’re against racism and injustice toward the Black community. We can and must do better, as a company, community and country.
To become a greater part of the solution, we believe the most important next step is to listen. We’re creating more opportunities for our associates to openly share their thoughts and feelings about their experiences with discrimination – and for our company and leaders to more deeply and deliberately listen.
We’ll continue to educate and show our leaders and associates how to be stronger allies – to be more empathetic, supportive and aware of our own unconscious bias. So that together, we can build a better, more inclusive Kroger. It starts with all of us. And as CEO, that starts with me.
Our African American Associate Resource Group has developed an allyship resource guide that they’ve shared with all of us, available for downloading at TheKrogerCo.com. I’m thankful for the individuals who helped us quickly take this step forward, providing insightful resources for all of us to review, reflect on and learn from.
We strive to be a company that empowers and supports our associates. We not only have to listen, but we must act.
As a demonstration of our commitment to being part of the solution, and as a first step toward being a catalyst for change, our company is establishing a $5 million fund to support the advancement of racial equity and justice. This investment will be earmarked within The Kroger Co. Foundation for improving diversity, equity and inclusion.
This has been a moment of clarity and reflection that has revealed the deeper work we must do. We’re committed. We’re openly listening to our associates and community partners, and we’re engaging advocacy groups to further understand what more we can do. We’ll take action and share our progress.
To our Black associates, customers and allies: We see you. We hear you. We support you, and I stand with you.
One of my favorite Nelson Mandela quotes states, “One of the most difficult things is not to change society – but to change yourself.”
With that in mind, now and each day, we remain guided by Our Purpose and Our Values of Integrity and Honesty, Safety and Respect, Diversity and Inclusion. These are our core beliefs – the essence of who we are – and they do not change, no matter the circumstances.
Thank you for shopping with us, and for being a loyal customer.
Sincerely,
