At Lowe’s, we are heartbroken by the death of George Floyd and for our communities torn apart by violence. We are a company that exists to make homes better, and we recognize that our homes extend beyond walls and into neighborhoods, communities and country. We have a longstanding history of fostering an environment where all individuals are safe, treated fairly, valued and respected. We are a company with zero tolerance for racism, discrimination, hate, insensitive behavior or violence of any kind. 
As we’ve seen through the incredible workers on the frontlines of the coronavirus pandemic, we can meet and overcome tragedy, but only by coming together.
Our President and CEO Marvin R. Ellison shared this message with associates today:
Team,
Tensions have been rising in our country for some time now.  As the pandemic and economic crisis have upended lives, so too has the racism that, for far too long, has torn families and communities apart. I grew up in the segregated south and remember stories my parents shared about living in the Jim Crow South. During this time of Jim Crow, people of color were viewed and considered second class citizens.
So, I have a personal understanding of the fear and frustration that many of you are feeling.  To overcome the challenges that we all face, we must use our voices and demand that ignorance and racism must come to an end. This is a time to come together, to support one another and, through partnership, begin to heal.
These times are when our character is tested and revealed. At Lowe’s we will remain committed to fostering an environment where all individuals are safe, treated fairly, valued and respected. We are a company with zero tolerance for racism, discrimination, hate, insensitive behavior or violence of any kind.
At Lowe’s, we are committed to helping people make their homes better, and today, we recognize that our homes extend beyond our walls, and into our neighborhoods, communities and country. We take this corporate responsibility seriously, and as we’ve seen through the incredible workers on the frontlines of the coronavirus pandemic, we can meet and overcome tragedy, but only by coming together.
I know many of you may be afraid as you try to determine what to say and what to do during these trying times. With that in mind, we will be providing our leaders with resources so they can better support you and our communities. We need to remember that the best action we can take is to unite in solidarity and show that the legacy of racism and inequality has no place in our company, our hearts or in this world.
 
God Bless,
 
Marvin
