A Message From Our CEO
This message was shared with all MassMutual employees on June 1.
Dear Colleagues,
In response to the racist acts that have come to light over the past several weeks, I wanted to directly address the deep frustration, anger, and sadness that is weighing heavily on all of us, especially the African American and Black community. The tragic and senseless deaths of Ahmaud Arbery, Breonna Taylor and George Floyd and the delays in bringing justice against those responsible, as well as the ugly confrontation in Central Park, have been vivid reminders of the prejudice and bigotry that continue to exist in our country.
Importantly, while we mourn for each of these victims, our hearts ache for many others previously killed under similar circumstances, including those whose names we don’t know, simply because there was no video or witness. These losses of human lives are staggering, unjust and incomprehensible – and are taking a painful, emotional toll on our country.
The violence and riots of the past weekend are symptoms of the deeper issues of racism, inequality, and hopelessness that continue to exist in America today, and reflect the expressions of a community that feels its voice is not being heard. These issues have shaped everything from where people live, to the health care they receive, to their access to education, and to their treatment by the justice system. We see the results of this today during the COVID-19 pandemic, as people of color have shouldered a far greater impact, with the African American and Black community accounting for a higher proportion of deaths compared to other racial groups.
This is a vast, systemic problem, and I wish I was writing to you today with a crisp, detailed plan for how we will fix it. I don’t have this plan, and frankly no one does. But I can tell you instead what MassMutual is doing and what is on my mind.
First and foremost, I want to voice my – and the executive leadership team’s – support for our colleagues in the African American and Black community. Your voices, perspectives, and feelings matter to us. While I can’t begin to understand the full extent of your pain and hurt – how fear and discrimination are part of your everyday activities, or how you may worry as a parent when your child goes for a jog or enters a store – I want you to know we firmly stand with you as allies and advocates. Each of us can make a difference simply by asking how others are doing and spending time listening to their experiences, fears, and concerns, so we can learn more about what we can do as allies to take meaningful action and offer our support.
Secondly, at the heart of who we are and who we have been since our founding nearly 170 years ago is a company of people helping people. I want to reiterate that MassMutual’s commitment to diversity and inclusion is non-negotiable, and part of our core values and our promise to Live Mutual to make our world better. We will honor the memories of the victims of these senseless acts by influencing real change, and we are working with a cross-functional team, including representatives from our Passages Business Resource Group, to identify the best way to engage and act as an organization to advance how we address these complex issues.
Most immediately, Passages will host a Brave Space discussion on Friday to talk about these recent events and consider ways we can work together to build a sustainable, lasting effort to fight inequality and recognize and value the differences among us. While outside our walls, we are also actively working to unify business leaders to use our collective voices to drive change in our communities and workplaces.
In the meantime, I promise you this: MassMutual will stand with the victims of racism and hate crimes of any kind, with the people fighting oppression, and with everyone seeking to turn their sadness at recent events into actions that will build a better world. This is not the country I want to leave to my children and grandchildren. We can – and must – do better.
Sincerely,
