P&G Chairman, President and CEO David Taylor shared the following message with P&G’s US employees today:
US Colleagues –
I write to you today not just as a P&G leader, but as a concerned citizen, father and husband. The events of the past few days and weeks have caused me to feel range of emotions – anger, frustration, disappointment and sadness – knowing that we can do better as a society.
Ahmaud Arbery. Breonna Taylor. George Floyd. Christian Cooper. We need to know their names. We need to understand their stories. We need to acknowledge the tragic events that brought them to the forefront are not new; they are simply the latest examples which illustrate the individual bias, systemic racism and instances of brutality that remain all too common.
As I reflect on my own life, and that of my family, I have lived and worked in eight different cities around the world, much of this while raising our three sons. Not once did I ever feel that my family was not welcome, not respected or not safe in our daily life. Not once did I worry that the color of our skin would carry risk or consequence. Recent events have once again reminded me that my experience is not widely shared by Black Americans, or many others.
Inequality in our society is broadly visible. In fact, it has been woven into the fabric of our culture in many ways we don’t even recognize. We can look no further than the COVID-19 pandemic, which while affecting us all, is taking lives and affecting communities with varying degrees of impact. Black Americans are hardest hit and up to 3-4 times more likely to die from the virus, due to conditions largely created by unequal economic, environmental and health care systems. Hispanic Americans, many of whom work in service industries and roles, have been disproportionately impacted financially. They are not alone as evidenced by the increase in hate speech directed at Asian Americans during the pandemic.
Our Company is not perfect. Our cities are not perfect. Our country is not perfect. Precisely because of this, we all have work to do. Far too often, the burden of seeking equality rests on the shoulders of those most marginalized. This simply won’t work. The change we need is broad and deep and requires us all to be active – as friends and colleagues, and as allies and advocates.
At P&G, we choose to be a Force for Good and a Force for Growth in full recognition that our success is grounded in the success of our employees, consumers and communities. All of them. And we are committed to act:
		We have and will continue to build a diverse employee and leadership base to reflect the consumers we serve, and foster an inclusive, respectful, welcoming and affirming culture.
		We have and will continue to create safe spaces for dialogue within P&G, live our values, and demonstrate our humanity.
		We have and will continue to leverage our voice, shining a light on inequality, inspiring dialogue that leads to understanding, and fueling action that leads to meaningful change.
		We have and will continue to ensure that all people are reflected, accurately and positively, in the images we put into the world.
		We have and will continue to use our convening power to bring together partners to use our collective influence on critical, systemic issues.
This is an important moment for listening, empathy and action. I encourage and invite each of you to reflect on the actions you personally can take to make a difference with your colleagues and within your communities.
While we cannot control what happens beyond our walls, we can step up, step forward and help create the world in which we want to live. One conversation at a time. One action at a time.
P&G is a place where all people are welcomed, valued, and respected…period. I ask you to join me in making that true both within our walls and beyond.
